New Age
new age, i don't believe you, you give nothing i can use. new age, i don't believe you but everybody wondering what to do. what do you want me to say. and what do you want me to do. everybody going out of their heads just running' around like a fool. new age, i don't believe you, you slice me up like a cutting tool. new age, don't let it deceive you, pull the plug, don't let it rule. you put me in a corner. while you're trying to keep order. you know there's only one way out. everybody's gonna scream and shout. new age, i don't believe you, i thought you were talking' about something new. new age, i'm gonna destroy you, after what you put me through. i'm still gonna be alive when you're through this time. new age, i don't believe you, you slice me up like a cutting tool. new age, i don't believe you, i won't drown in your concrete pool. america is so proud, new streets and a brand new crowd. but it's just the same old garbage, hanging' around dragging' me down. new age, i don't believe you, i'm not a pawn that you can use. new age, don't let it deceive you, pull the plug, don't let it rule. it's a new age a new age a new age and one that you can't use.

The Enemy
You peer through the darkness, billy clubs aimed.
They smash ya once or twice till ya don't look the same. Ya gotta know who your enemy is. The enemy. Ya gotta know who your enemy is. The enemy. They rope ya to a time clock. To keep you on the line. And now you're losing' the pieces of your mind. Ya gotta know who your enemy is. The enemy. Ya gotta know who your enemy is. The enemy. The newsmen are lying. Drawing line like black & white. Making' you believe it's your brother you gotta fight. Ya gotta know who your enemy is. The enemy. Ya gotta know who your enemy is. The enemy.

2+2
You just can't mold me I'll be what I wanna be And I'll see what I wanna see Even if two plus two you means three you can't hold me You know my name You got my number I'm just a something You wanna put under When I'm a walking Down the empty street You put up a barrier That I have to meet You send me a message You want me to stop The things I'm takin From what you got Your talk-talk-a-talking Bout what I do But ya better stop pushing Or it'll be all over for you

Get Out of My Life
where you at you're making' me weak. a knife in my back but i'm beginning to think your new waves' shit. your new wave's shit and i'm gonna get sick all over... you. i never wanna be like you. i never wanna be like you. i never wanna be like you. i never wanna be like you. you sound so stale you stupid wimps and i'm begging' to think ya fucking' stink. you new waves' shit. your new waves' shit. and i'm gonna get sick all over... you. i never wanna be like you. i never wanna be like you. i never wanna be like you. i never wanna be like you. ya fucking' jerks.

Woke Up Screaming
i don't really care, what they say i don't really care, what they do i just know i'm sick of this crowd and of you the cops they took me and beat me blue it wasn't what i was or what i do it was just being alive i took a chance on the other side got off this downhill slide stopped wasting my time had a dream saw a scheme saw a man hang on a beam next thing was, i woke up screaming it wasn't what i was, or what i do it wasn't anything to do with you it was just, not dreaming

Last Night
Thirteen
i don't wanna hold you i don't wanna know you or even see you but if i want to i will take you she's only thirteen but that's just tight for me i'm one big zero don't you get too near-o i'm one big zero i don't wanna have you in da town or even have you fucking around i don't wanna wanna see your face it's a bloody disgrace but if i want to i will take you she's only thirteen, but that's just tight for me

Great White Hope
I use my form for every nation
Hidden thoughts no revelation
My body’s left the line
Everyone must survive
Hey hey hey hey
Missing pages from history
Ancient rebels that cease to be
What now? 
Our dirty is an aging fight
I think I see a fading light
The Great white hope
The great white hope
The great white hope
Welcome to those end of days
___ key ___ cage
dreams only come to a sleeper
sometimes that’s a nightmare
hey hey hey hey
lock your thoughts, all the nations are bad
well something got lost and it just ain’t there
well dreams only come to the sleepers
and now you know the real nightmare
The Great white hope
The great white hope
The great white hope
You’re all lost and you got no hope
The great white hope
You’re all lost and you got no hope
The great white hope




The Prisoner

Apartment walls, halls are small
Government building site much too small
These tiny boxes won't let me out
These tiny boxes are too remote

It's a screaming mess
Television city dream
Your robot's eyes gleam
In my future dream

Yeah hey!
It's not fate or chance
It's the money in the bank
Burn their timber and gather their bricks

Drive 'em into the fire, the bloody dicks
It's a screaming mess
And I am the prisoner
The prisoner, the prisoner

Go!
It's not fate or chance
Kick somebody in the face
Burn their timber and gather their bricks

Drive 'em into the fire, the bloody dicks
It's a screaming mess
Television city dream
Your robot's eyes gleam

In my future dream
And I am the prisoner
The prisoner, the prisoner
Well I am the prisoner

The prisoner, the prisoner
The prisoner!

Rich Bitch
You got your money, you got your car You got your bottle at the bar It doesn't mean that, you're anything A rich bitch, a rich bitch The public loves you, you're gonna go far Cause you're throwing a charity bazaar It doesn't mean that you give a damn Watcha? You're nothin but a rich bitch A rich bitch, a rich bitch You expect me to spend my time Loving you and pouring you wine You just might as well forget it I'm not your slave A rich bitch, a rich bitch The public loves you, you're gonna go far Cos the society makes you what you are But that doesn't mean you're ready to be Whatcha? You're lying in the ditch, bitch ? You're gonna go,? You're gonna go,? You're gonna go,? Bitch!

Take a Chance
She's been beating down Trampled on She swore to herself that she'd never ever love again For a while For a while Cause love is for fools that's what she said  And she's insecure as she goes out the door cause her heart's been broken too many times before and she's insecure just like before But, hey take a chance on me  Cause somebody tore your heart and threw it away Never to come back again Woah oh Now you're terrified and now you're afraid to fall But baby I know you're hurt but take a chance from me my dear We'll pick up the pieces, pick up the pieces And we'll be, we'll be alright from here  And she's so afraid so afraid she keeps you listen close listen close Her heart's beating faster looking for an escape  But she's insecure as she goes out the door cause her hearts been broken too many times before and She's insecure just like before but hey take a chance on me Cause somebody tore your heart and threw it away never to come back again Woah oh Now you're


Watcha Gonna Do?
Hey, right Whatcha gonna do Bout whatcha gonna do? Whatcha gonna be? Cause ya been thinking That your nothin Ya already are Ya already are You need some kicking, not just sitting You need some action, not just talking Ya gotta get out your stupid world Just quit your a-talking Been sitting around thinking About your sinking Around on down You wanted everything But you took nothin So now you lie About the way you tried So when ya gonna do something about it Times running out, don't wait and doubt it Ya gotta do something, or it'll be too late Ya better not wait, or it'll be too late Ya better not wait, or it'll be too late Here's a chance An ya gotta get out Of your statue stance Cause ya been thinking That your nothin Your making sure Ya already are So whatcha gonna do about what you do? And whatcha gonna do about what you be? Ya gonna do something or your gonna go under And ya better not wait!

World War 3

world war three... don't you bloody see. it doesn't bloody matter what you say you won't make it no bleeding' way you haven't got any choice you really haven't got any voice. preventative measures have been taken it'll really help against nuclear raping' no streets, no people, left on the land. the policy ran out on our plan... (chorus) world war, lotsa fun - people in panic on the run world war, lotsa fun - white house is aiming' the gun world war, lotsa fun - people in panic on the run world war, lotsa fun - the kremlin's aiming' the gun we're pawns in the middle sitting ducks with no acquittal. they're going to make us fight protecting' oil is our right. unlock 'em now on the flight deck soviet bomber ya gotta net. it's breaking up the richter scale bombs away, they're gonna sail. no human lives stand in the way 'cause we're on our way to a new clear day... i don't really wanna die - world war three. with a-bombs dropping from the sky - world war three. don't give me your reasons why - world war three. i just know i don't wanna die - world war three. give 'em any chance, they're gonna take it. give 'em any rules, they're gonna break 'em. it just ain't no riddle i just know it ain't gonna be little. we haven't got a clue on what we're gonna do. so we're pawns in the middle sitting ducks with no acquittal!!! end up dead... world war - i don't want it! world war - i don't need it! world war - not gonna take it!!!

New Wave Sucks

New wave sucks
New wave sucks
New wave sucks
New wave sucks
New wave sucks
New wave sucks
New wave sucks
New wave sucks
New wave sucks
Life’s shit
Life’s shit
Life’s so fucking full of shit

D.O.A.
Sunken eyes and rabid head Fuck you baby, you think I'm dead Look in the mirror and what do you see You don't like it but it's me Your d.o.a You should have got out while you could Before the rot set in for good Your locked in, you gone too far There's no escape from what you are Your d.o.a

Unknown
Everyone thinks I'm the one to beat because I'm on the cover of TV week Took me three years to get where I am But you write it off as an industry scam Hear the sound of falling bricks Hear the sound of crunching fists Here's our song, it sounds like this Hear the sound of money to bet Try it yourself, see what ya get Hear the sound of your sweet success I'm calling on you to recognize me Turn on your channel and stare at me I get my clothes from the fashion show Leave on the price tag, so you'll know Now you're making money to bet if you're lucky, get 5% told you it would happen, but nothin' it meant It's you who this message is for Can't get out, 'cause they locked the door Isn't it fun to be a bore Everyone thinks I'm the one to beat because I'm on the cover of TV week Took me three years to get where I am but you write it off as an industry scam Hear the sound of falling bricks Hear the sound of crunching fists Here's our song, it sounds like this Hear the sound of money to bet Try it yourself, see what ya get Hear the sound of your sweet success

Slumlord
The neighbourhood bully is after me waving his finger like a pistol Flapping' his jaw like adolph hitler Slumlord - my overlord Slumlord - I got no choice Slumlord - your reality and your title fits your deed It's all laid out like a prison block Each little peasant with their plot Slumlord, your title fits your deed Slumlord - my overlord Slumlord - I got no choice Slumlord - your reality and your title fits your deed

Musical Interlude

I Don’t Give a Shit
I'm a fucking' bum, can't you understand that man I live on welfare, that's where I'm at I don't work work work, that's what I want I'm a fucking' creep, people don't pick up on that They don't understand me, they don't know where I'm at I don't work work work, that's what I want I'm a fucking' bum, can't you understand that I live just for me, that's where I'm at I don't work work work, that's what I want

M.C.T.F.D.
Middle class television family daughter Better watch, watch your father It's time, time for his dinner An' your the blue ribbon winner M.c.t.f.d Better watch your ass M.c.t.f.d Your father's making' a pass He asks you mom, an' she says no He asks your brother, for a blow He sees the dog, an' lets out a moan He sees you, an' he starts to groan M.c.t.f.d Better watch your ass M.c.t.f.d Your father's making' a pass Middle class television family daughter Middle class television family daughter Middle class television family daughter Middle class television family daughter

Communication Breakdown
Hey, girl, a-stop what you're doin' hey, girl, you'll drive me to ruin I don't know what it is that I like about you that I like it a lot Won't you let me hold you, let me feel your loving' charms communication breakdown it's always the same having a nervous breakdown drive me insane hey, girl, I got something you ought to know ooh, my baby, I wanna tell you that I love you so I wanna hold you in my arms, yeah I'm never gonna let you go, 'cause I like your charms. communication breakdown it's always the same having a nervous breakdown drive me insane (guitar solo) do do do do do do, yeah 's I wanna do little mama babe yeah but I don't seem to mind I can't stop the feeling', baby mama, I'm giving' you a ride yes, yes oh oh oh yes oh, I don't want oh oh oh yeah

001 Loser’s Club
Violence in the street, it's all right with me It just depends who its against I'm not against you, I'm not against me I'm only against the enemy I'm not against you, I'm not against me I only want, reality I can't help what I'm saying' I'm caught in your frustration No time to think ahead no time to get ready Gotta, gotta, gotta got no time Not time, no time, no time for you

Fucked Up Baby
You're fucked up baby Your eyes are like glass Your mind's like a beer bottle filled with butts Chorus: you're fucked up baby You're fucked up baby You're fucked up baby You're fucked up baby I'm lying' in a pool of blood, won't ya leave me alone I don't want your help anyway I'm lying' in a pool of blood, won't ya leave me alone Your face is much too clear anyways

The Kenny Blister Song
Kenny, kenny blister man who ran away

Smash the State
Smash the state, the fascist rape the pigs are waiting you're not on your own, you're not alone we got the number but whatcha gonna do with your head in a noose oh shit! tanks are coming and you are running troops in the street maybe not today, maybe not tomorrow you can take your chance but whatcha gonna do with your head in a noose I don't know smash the state -- the fascist rape smash the state -- the fascist rape smash the state -- the fascist rape smash the state -- the fascist rape smash the state -- kill pierre trudeau smash the state -- kill ronnie reagan smash the state -- margaret thatcher smash the state -- kill them all

My Old Man’s A Bum / Bloodsucker Baby
My old man's a bum living' on skid row. drinking' his bay rum. he don't give a shit about you. vanilla extract, bay rum. 1, 2 fuck you

Waiting for You
Right! I'm sitting here with a sharpened blade. sitting here with a loaded gun. with my back to the sun. just waiting for you. waiting for you. waiting for you (1st verse) waiting for you.

Race Riot
Race riot, don't buy it, kkk don't even try it. race riot, don't buy it we don't want that crap. no-no-no. pigs an' sticks on the street, they won't listen so they gotta go.

A Season in Hell
2 months, behind the rent and I'm feeling like I'm somewhat bent well it could be, that not too long from now I could spend winter in a tent. [Chorus:] a season in hell. well, most things get tougher everyday but I know, it's got to be that way. 'cause cattle have blockers on their heads and quartz dogs fire in their eyes. [Chorus] sitting home in an empty room air seems thick as an ancient tomb little ears seem to grow from ceilings and walls. need no keeper to know the score grisly faces peer through your door. could it be time to cast these demons aside. [Chorus] I'm on a teetering ledge peering down at the ground with a hurricane wind beating me down oh no, no, no, no, no

Burn It Down
All the prison walls we won't let them stand I got to burn them down. up against the wall - there's no way they won't make me go there's no way no one judges me there's no way nobody wants them all the prison walls - burn it down. we won't let them stand - burn it down I got to burn them down - burn it down

Our World
Is that all you want, is that all you need Lying' back an' takin' it from those who made you bleed Now the pressure's on, it's gonna make you bend What you believe things you must defend You must be tired of hanging' around, letting' yourself be held down Come on, get up get up and shout, time to wake up It's our world, it's all we need break out of a bad dream It's our world, it's all we need Not just a cry from the wilderness Let's rip away all the emptiness By holding out taking command, you'll get it yet the future at hand

Dangerman
I'm quite insane and out to wreck your weekend. I laugh at you for no real reason.  I'm the dangerman, I never fit the plan. I'm the dangerman, I never fit the plan.  I'll smash and crash wildly about. I don't care, I got nothin' to lose.  I'm the dangerman, I never fit the plan. I'm the dangerman, I never fit the plan.  Scratch the surface, looking for the sun. Still my nightmare's running on so long.  I'm the dangerman, I never fit the plan. I'm the dangerman, I never fit the plan.  No bars can bind me, no - not make believe. I've left your world behind me it's not what I wanna be. I gotta, I gotta, I gotta be free.  I'm quite insane and out to wreck your weekend. I laugh at you for no real reason.  I'm the dangerman, I never fit the plan. I'm the dangerman, I never fit the plan.  Danger! Danger! Danger! Danger! I'm the dangerman!


Dance o’ Death
Here's a dance, a brand new beat This is the one where the helpless meet Here's a dance, a brand new beat This is the one where the hypocrites meet Dance, dance, dance o' death Situation mass frustration Temptation, damnation, revelation, corporation, donation, salvation Dance, dance, dance o' death Whoa, save me now Huh, huh, dance o' death Thank you lord Dance, dance, dance o' death I am saved Huh, huh, dance o' death Ah, let the spirit move me

General Strike
Shut it down! we're tired, yeah, tired of working' Yeah, working' for nothin' We all want, what we got coming' All we need is a break, come on take a break Everything is not all right and there's no end in sight You can call it, whatcha like Come on, stand up for your rights Stand up, stand and unite It's time for a general strike We been out, breaking' our backs Been out working' getting' no slack All week long, paying' those bills That's just the people, that still got a job What about the rest of us, on the soup line Stand up, stand, stand and unite It's time for a general strike Stand up, stand and unite It's time!

Let’s Wreck the Party
wild men break into the house.
drinking their beer and shouting abuse.
they've got no time for screwing around.
they want some action, so they shout.
let's wreck the party.
beer, more beer, is what they want.
get out of the way, ya ain't got none.
smashing the tables, breaking the chairs, oh my god! going' crazy and going' nuts drinking' the whiskey and getting drunk. when it's over, it's gonna be tough, when it's over, it's gonna be rough.
let's wreck the party.

Shout Out
Shout out - shout out Stand out - out from the crowd You're back in school, that's no place to be Wanna rip up the streets, ya gotta be free Too much pressure hanging over your head, all these rules, ya feeling like you're dead Shout out, ya just wanna, wanna shout out Stand out, ya just gotta, gotta stand out They know all the trouble is coming from you 'Cause all the wild things you love to do Don't take your time, time will pass you by Time for action - now Don't you wonder why Get up now, an' onto your feet get up now an' feel the heat Feel the movement, in the street Get up now, 'cause there is no, no, no retreat Yeah, there is no, no, no retreat

Murder in Hollywood
The cops are kicking in the door at 5 Everyone was wasted out of their minds Wake up boy, let's see some i.d Guess it's deportation time for me Another murder in Hollywood Why won't you tell use what the hassle's about I'm half asleep, an' now I'm freakin' out What's that you say, there's a murder down below It happens every day in the land of snow Another murder in Hollywood In Hollywood, there's murders everyday, macho men killing all the gays Street gangs fight until the end Ripoff dealers kill their friends Crazy cops, kill for kicks Psycho city has them in grips Life is cheap

The Warrior Ain’t No More
Into the badlands, the white man came Killing out of fear, what they couldn't explain Disease unknown to this virgin land Laid to waste, with the gun in command From the steel rails, and the blood of the kill Burning carcasses, with a gleam in their eye The sheer sport, and the blood of the kill Burning carcasses, till they had their fill The warrior ain't no more The warrior lost his war, the white man came and left his pain Now the warrior ain't no more The pain and the sorrow rose with the sun, ending their dreams with a whip and a gun Taken their rights and their dignity too Bound to be slaves, ready for abuse To the reservations, by government sent Fill up the prisons, till they repent Now the land, that's all that's left will be taken back, with another theft

No Way Out
The line was made from the left to the right, what was left in the middle was nowhere in sight You've had your chances, you've had your time Don't waste the rest, get in line Nobody knows, nobody cares that the world's going nowhere Nobody knows, nobody cares, that we're all going nowhere There's no way out The part's for you, it'll fit in nicely, one size fits, all precisely Now you're a man, a man for all ages any size fits all cages

Trial by Media
Media, paints a picture for the people who need it Not somebody who's breathing but somebody who's different It takes brains, looks or weirdoes See them on the TV Taking life in their own hands trying to live their own life not kissing someone's ass Marching in time to the modern sound what you imagine, keeps coming down Day by day, week by week Where is the energy we all seek we've got the future in the palm of our hands Still we wait on somebody's command But if you try to change the day, you'll just get locked away They'll just put ya... Under trial, it's a trial by media Trial by media Under trial, it's a trial by media They locked the five away - an' threw away the key An' now they world is safe - for them an' you and me But everybody knows - it's really not that way Where are the lies coming from anyway?

Liar for Hire
you lie, you love to lie. bull and brag, screw around chorus: liar for hire-do anything. liar for hire-use anything. liar for hire-do anything. liar for hire. get out, get out, gotta get you out. get you out of here, get rid of you. nobody wants you, nobody needs you, nobody's gonna die for you. nobody wants you, nobody needs you, nobody's gonna die or you (chorus) backwards: jerry falwell eats sh** at the foot of the devil and loves it! you just cut, cut yourself off, you don't count, count anymore. you were a friend, i trusted you, i trusted you, trust no more (chorus)

I’m Right, You’re Wrong
i'm right, you're wrong - and we both know it. i'm right, you're wrong - an it's no secret. i'm right, you're wrong - but you got the power. what do ya mean - when ya stare at me. you think we're nothing - but things will change. we may be crazy - but we're not insane. i'm right, you're wrong - but you got the power. i'm right, you're wrong - an we all know it. i'm right, you're wrong - so let's break it. your gonna fall - you set yourself up. you can't stall - it's crumbling down. out of the way - it's been standing too long. i'm right, you're wrong - but you got the power. i'm right you're wrong - an we all know it. i'm right, you're wrong - so we'll have to break it. i'm right, you're wrong - but you got the power. i'm right, you're wrong an we all know it. i'm right, you're wrong - so we'll have to take it.

America the Beautiful
Lock your doors, lock it tight It's the new immoral right They wanna cleanse the home of the brave For the master race of the U.S.A It's so beautiful on the street You won't know them Like a pack of wolves In sheeps clothing, spreading wide Spreading far not just another false alarm It's so beautiful America I got my bible America I got my handgun America Now I'm ready America Home of the brave America And the home of the slaves America Now I'm ready but are you?

I Hate You
you wanna make a difference but it seems like you're nothin' you start to hate everything you turned against everyone the jerks at the corner shop all the mugs up your block so you say chorus: i hate - you you hate -- me we hate -- each other in your car you get cut off on the bus you never talk just sit an' shut your chop fighting in a nightly brawl against the colours you resent along with the rest of the dense so we say (chorus)

War in the East
war in the east war in the west war rumours a fly found myself penny wise and pound foolish cause with war about my troubles seem so small (chorus) it is better to fight against inflation wars only bring destruction war will only be a memory build a better nation cause there's (chorus) (instrumental) found myself etc... it is better etc...


