  LOOK, HERE COME THE WORMIES
From deep and dark and dirty  Come creeping, crawling, squirming menace, threat  To frighten the world socialistic coelomate  Segmentated separatist they're tunnelling holes in our home. 
Look here come the wormies  Look here come the wormies  Look here come the wormies  They're going to take us all take us away 
Sitting in your duplex home talking on the telephone  Hungry wormies are very near  Anarchaic annelid oligochaeta  Revolt overthrow and be overthrown 
chorus 
Now we've settled down again  But the time is coming when wormies will be taking us away


Living is free
You’ve had your dreams come true Made him into something new Now there’s no turning back You’ve heard the pistol crack
Living is free, free and at ease
You’ve seen what you can do More than you ever know All ways are one to you There’s nothing left to lose
Dig nothing Piles of bodies lie inside a hole Dig nothing
You’ve had your tubes replaced There’s grime smeard on your face Your hands are stained with grease For you there is no peace
Living is Friction, damage, freedom, pleasure Piles of shit and hidden treasure Pay the price Living is free
My roommate is turning into a monster
He just sits and watches T.V. He doesn’t look at me, he’s always watching me He says the free life is best Why don’t you clean up the mess? There’s something wrong  with him All his masks are caving in
He doesn’t go out much no more His clothes are pled neatl on the floor He hasn’t shaved in three weeks He hasen’t even brushed his teath This is not whta i meant I just wanted to share the rent
His eyes are closed but he never sleeps He’s breathing, he’s breathing deep He’s got something on his mind He can’t seem to unwind He said,
Don’t you fuck nobody else Don’t you fuck nobody else
What’s this? I don’t have any tits You can’t treat me like this, I don’t have any tits
He’s sold the car, he’s locked the door He says that he don’t care no more He’s drawnn the shade, he’s shut the binds I think that he has lost his mind I can’t believe what i see He’s rising his hand Against me Myroommate is turning into a monster He’s a beast
Mama’s little boy
Come the night, come the night All the man want to fuss and tight But not me, not me `Cause that’s not what i want to be Cause I’m Mama’s little boy
Mam tells me everything she sees Well it may scare you but it don’t scare me Cause I’m Mama’s little boy I like what i want to see
All day long she watches her dancing sons Come the night she picks the talles one But I’m Mama’s little boy I’ve nothing to hide
All the Gods, the Gods of the sun They’re just bastards sons Daddy, Daddy, come and see The onslaught of insanity Cause I’m Mama’s little boy And I’m mad
There’s a place where I want to be And it’s dark there, there’s nothing to see And you’re alone, there’s nothing you can do Something’s coming, something’s coming to you You are- you don’t know where you are You are- you don’t know who you are You are—you don’t know what you are You ae helpless, you are helpless That’s where I want to be, there’s where I want to be Cause I’m Mama’s little boy I feel, I can feel Joy
Red Devil
Red devil bites your neck Your tongue’s stiking out, your cock is erect You’ve run out of screams, you’ve scattered the deck Red Devil
Blue eyed creep, dig your hands in deep Red Devils squawks like a night bird in the jungle heat In warm water my tongue creeps But don’t make too much noise, cause the monster’s asleep
Your cock is erect, your tongue’s sticking out You’re shaken and taken and cast all about Red Devil
You’re burning, you’re burning Flame and steam, the blush of lust Red Devil
Blue eyed creep, dig your hands in deep Crawl in, crawl in, crawl in deep Your dreams are wet and then you forget The monster’s asleep
Fog and night, endless fight I rise from the muck a Prince of Cups Tou shhalt not kill, this is my will Rise up and kill, this is my will Red Devil
Up from the muck, my tongue’s in the cup Rise up and kill, this is my will This is my will, rise up and kill  
We are the chopped
We are the chopped, the chopped The lecer drops and stops This is not good or bad Transformers hum and pop The little dials they drop No reason to be sad
It’s only to be still with one more role to fill The widow stands inline, the loved one’s killing time Cause when you’ve stopped, you’ve stopped It’s either now or not No viction and no crime
As you wander through your days, you leave the Moments lying cold and underpaid, your savings plans are sound They’ll do somebody good when you are underground
This is not good or bad No reason to be sad No viction and no crime Cause when you’ve stopped, you’ve stopped The ball is thrown and caught It’s just the end of time
The mourners ring the bells and shed tears for themselves It was really unkind to leave us all behind We are the chopped, the chopped But you’ve not said alot There’s nothing to find
You make patterns with your eyes and blacken in The details you don’t recognize, you say that life is breath and when The breathing stops you turn mutter Death
We are the chopped, the chopped But you’ve said a lot This not good or bad No reason to be sad We are the chopped, the chopped And when the pressure drops You simply stop, you stop You stop You’re dead
No Sex
It’s the holy trinity, Mom and Dad and little me It’s the holy trinity, Mom and Dad, Mom and Dad, Mommy What you are is what you see What you are is just a little funny You’re somebody’s fantasy, like Mom and Dad, Mom and Dad
There’s no sex, only fucking
Janie’s growing little tits, Jimmy’s learning to repress All his female tedencies Like you and me, you and me, baby There’s no out there is no escape, if you want to copulate You must learn the masterplan It’s—be like I am, be like I am
There’s no sex, only fucking
I am man, you said I am And she’s a girl, her hair is curled We’re not the same, it’s very strange We walk in line, we dance in time No one wants to break the rule cause if you do The rules will break you
If you use the verb `to be`, you refer to how you pee And if you choose to sit not stand, Janie you are not a man There’s a door you can get through, the other is not meant for you Little Dickie, use your eyes, it means no penis need aplly
There’s no sex, only fucking Everyone’s got a hole and everyone’s got stiff little fingers You don’t have to know You don’t have to be so particular  
Rich guns
I hear the rich guns go pop pop, Arriba! All this noise has got to stop, Arriba! All those burns who have no cash, they’re lazy! And if they think they’re getting ours, they’re crazy! See them mill around, hear theri angry talk We will mow them down, we will make them stop
There are people we admire, Arriba! Those with courage under fire, Arriba! We will give them uniforms, Il Duce! We will pay them to perform, Il Duce! Hear the tramping feet of our hired guns Doesn’t it sound sweet, isn’t this such fun
Hear the bullets fly, see the people die, hear the children cry I hear the rich guns go pop pop
We will send them all around, Arriba! To kill the fucking underground, Arriba! Rape the women, they’re whores, Las Putas! Everything they have is yours, Las Putas! We just want to stay in our safely homes The chairs onm which we sit are made of human bones
Hear the bullets fly, see the people die, hear children cry I hear the rich guns go pop pop
Living in detente
Living in detente where buildings grow so great All the windows are black in secret state Muttered voices with points that they must make Rules of order that we’ll negotiate Living in detente is so enterprising, everyone loves the suspense Living in detente is just where I want to live
You won’t find it on any map cause it Lies somewhere between peace and wartime, it’s One up on the Joneses, a vicious cycle where Overthrow is check, overkill is mate Living in detente i so mesmeriszing, erverone walks in a daze Living in detente where questions make dancers of people whos stories aren’t straight
It’s so quiet, it’s so cool, it’s so cold
Living in detente is just where I want to be  
Try not to stutter
I got a two ton wreck wrapped around my neck A weekend bender, on bustend suspender I’ve aged three years, cried a couple of tears I told the cop i coul’nt remember When i saw you Where you were Who you were with I only wish that you both would phone And try not to surrender I told the judge i couldn’t remember
And as you are answering all of their questions I have just got one suggestion
Try not to stutter
I was Jo Cool for an indian summer A camp fire wag, a long distance runner I had the big eyes following my every move But icouldn’t let down or I’d lose There was a snot nose kid trying to blow my cover If they won’t buy that I’ll tell them another Then two of the boys shot down my noised The one with the van and his brother
They casually mentioned a couple of kids An unspoken challenge, ok here
Try not to stutter
She was of to base to know the meaning of fear With her cutt-offs swaying from here to there The music’s her maker, the giver the taker That’s what i hear She smiled so fine, but not very friendly With a studied wink, „Oh Baby you sned me!“
You’ve got a box full of trophies that’s what i hear
And as you try to fashion the perfetct time There’s just one thing to keep in mind
Try not to stutter
(you can mumble, soft and low, mutter mutter so they think you know,  but there’s just one thing that has got to go)
Try not to stutter  
No rest for the wicked  
We are you, you are not We are you, you are not We crawl down, you jump up We crawl down, you jump up You are not you
I know There’s no let up There’s no peace, no rest Not for the wicked No rest for the wicked
What are thou, thou art not What are thou, thou art not You climb up, you’re dragged up You climb up, you’re dragged up You are not you
I know There’s no let up There’s no peace, no rest Not for the wicked No rest for the wicked  
I’m all wet
(go into mediation)
I’m all wet My feet don’t work, I’m getting a new seat I am that gleam in the baby’s eye As he grabs the Lysol and gives it a try Not dead yet
Here we are on the move again Riding the skies in a DC-10 The movie’s a scream, there’s a couple of stars Raping a girl in the back of a car I am that crashing jet
I’m all wet I’m not dead yet, there’s a hole in the fishnet I am that face on a rainy night That stares eyes wide open into you headlights I’m all wet
I am that love you can never forget I am the balance and you are the dept Your payments are due, I’m the voice on the phone Sell of your car, mortage your home I am that cancelled cheque
I’m all wet I’m not dead yet
I’m not dead yet I’m not dead yet  
Approaching zero
Hardly warm you’re not feeling normal Your pulse is faded, could use first aid Now you private matters need looking after It’s way too late, though, the show can’t wait It’s a private screening of life’s last gleaming Your private glory, your personal story And you’re the hero, approaching zero
Now, now, now Speak your last line
Make it good `cause your tongues like wood You’ve got sticks for your arms, it’s no false alarm It’s your last hurray, the final straw And i’m not sory, it’s not my worry ´Cause I’m the knife that is full of life Where there once was we, now there’s only me And you’re the hero, approaching zero
Now, now, now Speak your last line
Should I’ve warned you that I’m not normal It’s build on tears full of nagging tears And there is no cure, now it’s too obscure It’s TV movies, it’s Punch and Judy It’s things obscene on the shining screen It’s a killer’s story, a monent’s glory And you’re the hero, approaching zero Yes, you’re the hero, approaching zero  
Forget your life
Now if you feel Like nothing Nothing and no one
And if you see Nothing Nothing and no one
Forget your life It’s nothing
Now if you  Cringe and shrink inside Byt say nothing Nothing to no one
Forget your life It’s nothing
You’re hiding Why are you hiding? That’s nothing That’s nothing
You’re scared  What are you scared of? That’s nothing That’s nothing
Forget your life It’s nothing
Forget it

 SEX MAD
I have to have you far too much
I have to grab I have to touch
I have to feel your every curve
I have to stir each little nerve
I want the pleasure I want the pain
I want to overload my brain
I'm going SEX MAD

I want to squeeze your living flesh
Oh, to be buried in your chest
Or steamy breath and gripping bone
I may be lost but not alone
I'm going in riot coming out
I'm going in not coming out
I'm going SEX MAD

I stare at everything that moves
I look all over pick and choose
Well I don't want just anyone
I only want just everyone
I know it's not for me to take
I think my mind is going to break
I'm going SEX MAD

My self control is very fine
Considering what's on my mind
But I don't want to hurt and hate
I simply have to copulate
The more I see the more I want
The more I see the more I want
I'm going
SEX MAD SEX MAD SEX MAD SEX MAD.

DAD

I want home, I was feeling so alone
I was late, it was my mistake
I want to my room and sat there in the gloom
I know I've been bad, I know he'll be mad
I hear him coming down the hell
And there's nowhere to go, nowhere at all
I've been had, it was my mistake
He opens the door, his eyes are full of hate

DAD NO! DAD, LEAVE ME ALONE! DAD, NO! DAD, LET ME GO!
DAD NO! DAD, LEAVE ME ALONE! DAD, NO! OH, MY GOD, NO!
NO!

My mom comes rushing in, she says "Please, don't hurt
him" DAD gives her a kick, he slaps her around a bit, he
says: "SHUT UP, YOU BITCH! SHUT UP, YOU BITCH! I'll
KILL YOU! I'll KILL YOU! SHUT UP, I'll KILL YOU!"

DAD keeps hitting mom's face, and there's blood all over the
place I seid, 'Please DAD, please! It es my mistake! I'm the one
that's bad! I'm the one that's bad! Don't hit her DAM Don't hit her
DAD!"

DAD NO! DAD, LEAVE HER ALONE! DAD, LET HER GO! NO!
NO! DAD NO! DAD, LET HER GO! OH, MY GOD! NO! NO!

He want into my sister's room and he locked the
door He seid, "I hate you, but I love you more." I
heard her crying as the light want out I heard her
scream, I had to shout:

DAD NO! DAD, LEAVE HER ALONE! DAD, LET HER GO! NO!
NO! DAD NO! DAD, LET HER GO! OH, MY GOD! NO! NO!

I'm seriously considering leaving home.

LOVE THANG

You must feel funny. You must feel flattered
I heard you wem sick. He must be very worried
This is what true love is all about  hunger
Get out your valentines. Get out your revolver

We all know
He had a love thing
And he's got something for you
You have a thing for him

A chance romance one in 200 million
You betrayed your duty. It might have been a lovely wedding
I'm sure he forgives you for what you did to him
Sand him a postcard. Maybe you two could go out on a date

I know, I was in love once
I had a love thing and he's got something for you
You have a thing for him

So what am you going to do
Are you going to be so stupid? Don't be so fucking stupid
What are you going to do?
Put yourself away in one of those books
"Whatever happened to?"
I love you

Don't look so surprised I mean that he tried to kill
the guy It's just an extension of what we all feel for
each other At some point in our lives.

Don't look so surprised I mean that he tried to kill
the guy It's just an extension of what we all feel for
each other At some point in our lives.

DEAD BOB

Quiet es a mouse
Gentle es a lamb
Happy es a clam
Dead es a...
Doorknob

Roses am red
Violets are blue
I hung myself
So fuck you

DEAD BOB

Button up your overcoat
When the skies are gray
Put a rope around your neck
And kick the chair away
My father was of the sky
My mother was of the earth
And I am a stupid cringing
Ignorant fucking little goof

DEAD BOB

Everyone is so polite
So completely awfully nice
I'm going to get a butcher knife
And cut you all a juicy slice
Mary had a little lamb
And the she had some veal
She stuck her finger down her throat
And threw up...
Everything

I will leave a little note
Hanging from a knotted rope
Please excuse my thoughlessness
I am sorry for the mess

ARE YOU HAPPY NOW?

SELF PITY

Nobody lows me. Like I do
Nobody loves me. Like I do

Self pity

I can't do anything. What can I
do? I can't do anything. What
can I do?

Self pity

I'm touching myself. But it disgusts me
I'm touching myself. But it disgusts me

Self pity

I'm sleeping late. I'm cutting classes
I'm cutting classes. I'm sleeping late

Self pity

Try to help me. I won't help you
Try to help me. I won't help you

Self pity

Come on an'give me my drugs, give me my drugs...
GIVE ME MY DRUGS

Self pity, self love, self.

LONG DAYS

I grew days
I grew them long
I grew them short
I wasted them all away
LONG DAYS...
I wasted them away

Count the hours
Count the minutes
Look into that hole
Can you see what's in it?
LONG DAYS
I wasted them away

See them stretch 
Far behind me 
See them crouch 
Right behind me 
See them pass 
Right beside me 
See them stretch 
Out before me 
LONG DAYS... 
I wasted them away.

METRONOME

I want to break the things that seek
To control, I want to live my life with
No rules at all, I want to smash the
Lips that smile down on me, I want
To rip and teer until I am free

Steady, keep it, steady
METRONOME

I want to touch the places lost deep
Inside, I want to see the ugly faces
That hide, I want to mach down to the
End of what's there, I went to strip
The surface till all is bare

Steady, keep it, steady
METRONOME

I want to jump out of my skin and be 
Free, I want to kill the little thing that 
Is me, I want to laugh and giggle, I want 
To scream, I want to wake up from this 
Life crushing dream, I want to wash my 
Body bare in the stream, I want to 
Liberate this human machine, I want to spit 
And grovel I want to shit, I want to 
Make you wonder what is it? What 
Is it?

You know one thing that I think attracts people 
To a steady beat, to a steady beat, is the certainty 
Of where it will be, of where it will be, in the next 
Moment, its inevitability with no variation, the 
Comfort and security of knowing what and who you 
are, you hear that beat, you hear that beat, it's 
Beating on you, it's beating on me, you hear that beat, 
You hear that beat, it's beating on you, it's 
Beating on you.

REVENGE

You've spread your wings and learned to fly
You've tried and tried and now you've succeeded
Weil, that's too bad, that's too bad, that's too bad
I'm alive, that's too bad, that's too bad
Open your eyes, Revenge, open your eyes
Revenge, open wide

You've fooled them once, you've fooled them twice
They think you're nice but NO, you're just clever
That's too bad, that's too bad, that's too bad
My friend, that's too bad, that's too bad
THIS IS THE END, Revenge, YOU DIE, YOU DIE
Revenge,

You want to know WHY? You want to know WHY?
You DIE? YOU DIE? You want to know WHY?
You want to know WHY? YOU DIE! YOU DIE!
That's too bad, that's too bad, that's too bad, I'm ALIVE
That's too bad, that's too bad, I WILL SURVIVE
AND THE BAND PLAYED SOME GOOD'OLE
ROCK'N'ROLL

WHAT I WANT MOST IN THE WHOLE WIDE WORLD 
IS A GIRL JUST A GIRL ONE WHO WILL KEEP ME 
FROM LOSING MY MIND ONE WHO WILL KEEP ME 
FROM LOSING MY MIND AND SHE'LL BE THE BEST 
GIRL IN THE WHOLE WIDE WORLD SHE'LL BE THE 
BEST GIRL IN THE WHOLE WIDE WORLD 
REVENGE YOU DIE! YOU DIE! YOU DIE!

REVENGE.

HUNT THE SHE BEAST

Laugh you asshole and try to be brave
My God, what a strenge shape
Drooling jaws are my dmams landwape
I am so tough and so afraid
Give it up, get it up, give it up, get it up
With spear, sword and blade
With spear, sword and blade

Hunt the She Beast
Mama bear is there, beware
Hunt the She Beast

We got together because it was so fucking cold
And we knew the answer wasn't in the stars
Or in the soil, it was in blood
In a bloody run down to the sea, in a bloody run
Down to the sea, in a run down to the sun and the sea

H u nt the She Beast
She bear, she bears the furies
Hunt the She Beast

Now I own everything and I have all the answers
Kingdom come like my father before and my son after
And it's power that has brought me here
Brains and power and the fear
The fear you've got to control
You've got to keep the women down below
Cause them was something here before
The fear you've got to control
There is something down in that hole

Hunt the She Beast

And now there's nothing left to kill
You've bent the whole world to your will
When you reach out your mighty hand
There's nothing left but barren sand
You run and run and run
But you've forgotten what you're running from
You're flying into emptiness
And all that's left for you is death
Now we don't need no prophets of doorn
We need prophets of the womb
Deny your cruel mythology
Your fear inspired symbology
The circling arms of mother night
Will craddle your small fire light
From now on when I hunt to see
She - what do I see?
From now on when I hunt to see
She - what do I see?
A single
Simple
Human Being

Hunt the She Beast She bear, 
she bears the futum Hunt the She Beast.

BODYBAG

They say the eyes am the windows of the soul 
but I love all the little dark holes in your 
BODY BAG. 
Your little willie, he's oh, so pretty, 
And those titties, and those titties in the 
BODY BAG.

Nobody knows you and nobody wants to.

Willie's poised to dive into flesh, 
Something teils me he will leave a mess in the 
BODY BAG. 
When we kiss my eyes am closed, 
my lips are full, I breathe through my nose in the 
BODY BAG.

Nobody knows you and nobody wants to.

See the children play in the mud, 
moulding balls of faces and blood from the 
BODY BAG. 
All preise for corporal flesh; 
the smell of love the smell of death from the 
BODY BAG.. 

NO FUCKING

All I see are cocks and cunts
All I hear are push and grunts
I don' like it

DARK AGES
We are living in the, in the dark ages 
Haven't seen some daylight in what seems ages 
All the information is locked far beyond 
Locked in circuits and bathed in silicon 
And we're fast asleep with our dreams seething in 

And though all is still we are still breathing 
But it's him in the dark, he makes me null and void 
But it's him in the dark, 
I think I m paranoid 
A world of half-truths, what goes 
Unspoken lines of communication are stripped and broken 
And the dark is cold with hands freezing 
But this deep-freeze seems strangely pleasing 
And the powr-trippers receive facelifts 
And the button-pushers all work night shifts 
And the misdemeanors seem so ghastly while the media punch is so lasting 
And the eastern comrades find out much too late 
And free men are free to subjugate under megashadow, under nine to five 
Still it's self-extinction that keeps us alive 

We are living in the, in the dark ages haven't seen some daylight in what seems ages 
All the information is locked far beyond 
Locked in circuits and bathed in silicon 
I don't know go to sleep we are in the dark ages 

JUNK

He thought he was putting his things in the right place 
Everything had a name and everything had a place 
But now there's so much of this stuff around 
That when we look down on the ground 
There is nothing there to see 
Well, you're probably saying to yourself, 
„I guess they buried it somewhere else" 
Wait a minute, wait a minute, please wait a minute 
Just bend your neck, just crane your neck, just twist your neck 
But don't break your neck and look above you, look above you 
Above us is the garbage, below us is the earth 
Above us is the garbage, below us is the earth 
And each day, each hour, each minute, each second 
We're crawling, crawling, clawing, falling more, more, more, more it's junk 

AND THAT'S SAD

We should not make a fuss what would become of us 
We should not 
And that's sad and that's sad 
We must hold on tight 
Hold on with all our might all our might 
And that's sad 
I demand what you should be in the name of decency 
You'd do the same for me and that's sad 

SMALL PARTS ISOLATED AND DESTROYED

It's been said before but I ll repeat it 
Don't you feel like you've been cheated? 
It's been shoved down your throats, you eat it 
They say it's true, you believe it 

chorus: 
Small parts isolated and destroyed 
See the big boys play with their toys 
There is one thing I will never do 
Trust you 
There's one thing that I have learned 
All god's children will get burned 
And if it comes down to me or you 
Who do you think I will choose? 
What's the deal? 50% of the door? 
Well, then, come on in, come on in for more 
What's that you say, we get a guarantee? 
Then fuck right off, you mean nothing to me 
Isn't this a sweet romance so why don't you get off your ass and dance? 
"What about me? What about me? Can I get in for free? Can I get in for free? 
You know me, you remember me 
Can I get in for free? can I get in for free?" 
Come on in! Come on in for free! 
Don't mind the heat, don't mind the smoke 
All that screaming? It's just a joke all that screaming? 
Nah, it's just a joke come on in! Come on in for free! Come on in! 
It's on me! The joke's on me 
I'm tired of being close and feeling abused 
And all those deep discussions make me wanna puke 
And you're all going to see a lot less of me 
I'm not the comrade that you hoped I d be 

chorus: 

Everybody's in the groove filling the dance floor, 
Two by two (hey boy, I might want to fuck you) (hey girl, I might want to fuck you too) 
There's liquor on your breath and magic in the air 
Now we're really going to get somewhere 
This is for all you girls and boys 
Small parts isolated and destroyed 
It's too late baby It's too late man oh baby, oh baby 
You've been beaten up inside 
You've been beaten up inside 
That's the high point of your life 
That's the high point of your life 
I was beaten but I died (or is that just another lie?) 
It's been said before but I ll repeat it 
Don't you feel like you've been cheated? 
It's been shoved down your throats, you eat it 
They say it's true, you believe it 
Small parts isolated and destroyed 
I'd rather die than be a toy 
There is one thing I will never do 
Trust you 

VICTORY

When I set out on this journey I thought it would never end 
When I started down that road I could not see the end 
And when I took that first step I fell in so deep 
And all those things that were so hard-won I thought I would always keep 
Now what do you think I see standing like a wall in front of me 

Defeat, not victory 
Defeat, not victory 
Defeat, not victory 

chorus:
So what are you going to do? Die? 
No you gonna lay down and die? 
No I will not admit defeat I will not admit defeat 
I will see victory 
Pride and deceit have choked my life like weeds 
And I lost sight of what I really had what I really need 
And all the things I should've valued 
I gave away for a prayer and a song 
And now when I reach out for them they are gone 
Now you know what I see standing in front of me 
Like a headstone a fucking monument to human misery 

Defeat, not victory 
Defeat, not victory 
Defeat, not victory 

chorus: 

Do I have any friends here? 
I can't see are any of my friends here? 
I can't see what about you? 
Will you be a friend to me? 
What about you? Will you be a friend to me? 
I've got a question to ask you and then you can ask it of me 
It's a simple request and then you can make it of me 
Can you forgive me? Can you see what will be? 
Is it victory? 

Now I can't show you all the things I ve seen 
And I can't make you feel anything 
Certainly not what they meant to me 
And someday I know, no matter how hard we try 
We are all going to have to lay down and die 
So maybe I should just tell you what I hope and believe 
For every defeat there will be a victory 
For every defeat there will be a victory in defeat, 
victory 

TERESA, GIVE ME THAT KNIFE

Can you picture me standing there? 
I see it can you picture me way up there? 
I see it now my whole life 
I see it now my whole damn life 
Teresa, what would you die for? What would you die for? 
What would you die for, teresa? What would you die for? 

Teresa, give me that knife give me 
That knife teresa, give me that knife give me that knife teresa 
Can you picture me there? 
There I m almost there 
I'm almost there I m almost there 
Teresa, what would you die for? What would you die for? 
What would you die for, teresa? What would you die for? 
Teresa, give me that knife teresa, give me that knife teresa, 
Give me that knife teresa, give me that knife teresa 

REAL LOVE

Real love is scary 
You try to hide when it looks for you 
You never know what it will do 
Not real love 
Not real love 
Real love is a long stone bed, he said his face a mask of indifference 
And it don't care about me or you 
Not real love 
Not real love 

Real love on a sunny day is a crow on a telephone pole with something to say 
And you feel like someone has just walked on your grave 
That's real love That's real love 
The glory of love The glory of love 
That precious rain that falls from above 
First a gentle murmur that calls from the heart 
And then a great wind that will blow you apart 
That's real love 
That's real love 

Like a ghost it will pass right through you 
A spirit that lives on when you are through 
And there is nothing that you can do 
The wind in the trees 
The smell of wet leaves 
The rumble of a passing truck 
A streak of blood 
Please forgive me for what I ve done to you 
And lord forgive me for what I m going to do 
In the name of... 

Real love is scary 
You try to hide when it looks for you 
You never know what it will do 
And it don't care about me or you 
And there is nothing you can do about real love anyway, 
That's what I heard a crow say but who cares what a crow say anyway? 
Especially about something, something something so strictly personal (real love) 
Can you feel it? Can you feel it? 
That wind on your face 
You can get down on your knees and pray 
But nothing that you do or say will make it go away (real love) 
It's like thunder, 
Like lightning the way 
You love me the way you love me 
The way you love me it's frightening 

LONELY

You tell me I should not be all by myself, 
That's good advice 
I'll hum a tune and break the ice 'cos I m lonely 
Everyone looks good to me 
But I m afraid that I can see that good intent and honesty do not redeem stupidity 
When all is said and all is done 
You either know or down you go into the pit of shallow wit with all the other hypocrites 
You're not bad, you're not good 
You're a solid block of wood 
You have eyes but cannot see why I despise your company 
I am lonely 
People come, people go 
They put on their little shows 
See them laugh, see them cry 
See them live their little lies 
I'm alone with you and I m lying too 
I'm alone with you and you're lying too 
Oh, we are all liars and that's all that's true 
I'm alone with you I m alone with you 
I'm lonely lonely lonely just a lonely guy. 
Yup, that's me... 

It's Catching up
Have you heard the news?
The dead walk..

Do you hear that sound?
Do you hear that sound?
Like fingers scratching underground?
Do you hear that sound?
That slamming door?
I’ve fought it all my life
But I can‘t fight it anymore

It‘s catching up, I‘m fucked
A dead duck, shit outta luck

How do you hide from
Something you have found?

Do you hear that sound?
That scratching sound?
Ii it better to be lost or found?
You can‘t ignore it
You can’t talk it away
You can’t drink it away
You can’t fuck it away

It‘s catching up, I‘m fucked
A dead duck, shit outta luck

Give my asylum, let me in
I am mad, you are my only witness

There are some things that never die
Things that really never were alive
I’ve shut them out
I’ve slammed th door
But i can’t keep them back
Anymore

It‘s catching up, I‘m fucked
A dead duck, shit outta luck

The Tower

The sword of thruth is just another weapon
Let me live for one more second
I see a woman she’s holding flowers
A bouquet of roses that are blood red
From a burning building, a man leaps to his death
I stand above these mansions of the death
Red tombs and above us looms
The Tower

I see red
I see a tower against the sky
Beneath a red unblinking eye

Radiowaves curve and cross
I stand below them – Lost !
Above me is a black obelisk
And the dangers that i risk
Here gather the ghosts of the mind
That tear my heard and here i find
All that traps that have been set
Everything i would forget, beneath
The Tower

I see red
I see a tower against the sky
Beneath a red unblinking eye

Violence is close at hand
You are damned if you do
And if you don’t – Dammed !
A red eye, A tyrant full of hate
Glares from the sky, It’s captive state
If it should blink ordeviate
A thousand words would obliterate
I do not move, nor do i speak
Beneath that hard and pitiless peak
Of concrete , steel and antennae wheels
The Tower

I see red
I see a tower against the sky
Beneath a red unblinking eye

Brainless Wonder

I need lunch
Feed my now
I need lunch
When’s my break?!!!

Tired of waiting

I got tired, tired of waiting

Tired of waiting, waiting for the news
Tired of waiting for things to improve
Tired of waiting, waiting for your letter
Tired of waiting for things to get better

I got tired, tired, tired of waiting

Tired of waiting, waiting for the phone
Tired of waiting, ere all alone
Tired of waiting for something new
Tired of waiting for you

I got tired, tired, tired of waiting

I got tired of waiting, waiting in line
Tired of waiting for my clothes to dry
Tired of waiting for his show to begin
Tired of waiting for my ship to come in
Tired of waiting, waiting for the bus
Tired of waiting for my shoes to get fixed
Tired of waiting, waiting for my cheque
Tired of waiting for a change in the weather
Tired of waiting the water to boil
Tired of waitingthe paint to dry
Tired of waiting, waiting for a sign
Tired of waiting for my big break
Tired of waiting for the dam to break
Tired of waiting for the bomb to drop
Tired of waiting and waiting and waiting
I got tired of waiting for the end

I got tired of waiting because i found out
There’s only a fine line between
Biding one’s time and waisting one’s time

Do you know what i mean?

I got tired of waiting that’s all

Stocktaking

Are you getting whta you want?
And are you geting what you need?
I’ve heard it said that love is truelly sacred
But nowhere is written that’s guarenteed

Who decides what will happen?
And who decides what for?
Is it just a crazy little game?
Or is ist just an ugly little war?

Are you sick an tired of the same old thing?
Or are you happy enough?
When does so much become so little?
When does so little become so much?

The end of all things

You are here
I am here
Fear
Bound in fear
We are here
I see nothing

All is clear
Crystal clear
Fear
All that’s here
Pain and fear
I see here
Nothing

Hear the angls sing
Thi si the ned of all things
All is clear
Nothing‘s here
Fear
What is fear?
Nothing’s here
I see here
Nothing

Hear the angels sing
This is the end of all things

Big Dick

Like a monkey in the zoo
You’re half gorilla too
When you pound it with your fist
And make it real stiff
Big dick
Gotta cover your mistake
Your bloody outtakes
So you dip it in the wine
And make a holy sign
Big dick

Big dick! Come quick
Big dick! Come quick

Well you’re running up a tree
You’re trying not too sream
But you are pounding on your chest
Like you wipped the best
Big dick
The rivers of blood
You’ve spilled have turned to mud
Now the flies are buzzin‘ round
Don’t it make a loud sound
Big dick

Big dick! Come quick
Big dick! Come quick

It won’t be long
Till those bad bits are gone
It won’t be long
Till those bad bits are gone

Now we are sitting by the fire
But daddy’s getting tired
`cause hes drunk the whole crock
now he’s got a limp cock
Big dick

Big dick! Come quick
Big dick! Come quick
 

Two lips, two lungs and one tongue

He kept trying
He kept trying
But he couldn’t find out
Why he couldn’t stop crying
Only so many songs can be sung
With two lips, two lungs and one tongue

She kept praying
She kept praying
That she would understand
What she was saying

Only so many songs can be sung
With two lips, two lungs and one tongue

He kept dreaming
He kept dreaming
Of the day they’d realize
What he was feeling

Only so many songs can be sung
With two lips, two lungs and one tongue

Rags and bones

Chirst was married on the cross
My father was married to my mother
Am aim married to a cigarette butt
Lying in the gutter

Rags and bones
Are we finally alone?

White man, you
You just started to get the blues
White man, you
You just started to get the blues

Rags and bones
Are we finally alone?

The beast has arisen
The sins are forgiven
In the belly of the beast
I shall be released
She rises captain!
Captain dive! Dive!
If i could choose to belive
Or not to believe
You know i would choose not to
If i could choose to belive
Or not to believe
You know i would choose not to
But i can’t coose

Rags and bones
Are we finally alone?

Whoo would’ve thought that i would be
A sailor on the deep blue sea
Any old rags and bones?

Oh no! Bruno!

Too much, stay out all night
Too much, but that’s alright
Too much, do it ot it
Too much, now do it again

Too much, play for stienes
Too much, play for cash
Too much, put uo or sut up
Too much is not enough
Oh no! Bruno!
Too much is not enough

Too much, hit hat e nightclubs
Too much, drink champaign
Too much, double bullseye
Too much, do that again
Too much, stay out all night
Too much, but that’s alright
Too much, such a big guy
Too much is not enough

Oh no! Bruno!
Too much is not enough

Too much, no escaping
Too much, You’ve been framed
Too much, the cops are knocking
Too much, no not again!

Oh no! Bruno!
Too much is not enough

Ten..twenty for two..thirty for six
You sonofabitch! Go!

Oh no! Bruno!
Too much, too much, too much, too much
AAAAAAAAAAARRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRGH!!!

All lies

Lies are the words i use
When you look up hopefully
All of the things that we feel
Are a trick, a fantasy
What is the end?
Is it love i prtend?
It’s calling, It’s calling
And i’m falling, I’m falling
And she said pray to me, pray to me
All the love you see, it comes from me
She said pray to me, pray to me
All the love you see, it comes from me
She said I see, I see, I see, I see
She said pray to me, pray to me
Pray to me, pray to me, but it was

All lies, a pack of lies, it was all lies
Why don’t you fuck of and die
It was all liesm a pack of lies
It was all lies, all lies

Lies are the light and hope
In your eyes as they shine on me
Tie up my hands with your chains
They are bound to set me free
I’m singin, I’m singing
And o that i’m clinging
The word that i say
Only drag me away
And i say pray to me, pray to me
All the love i see comes from me
I say pray to me, pray to me
All the love i see belongs to me

I said I see, I see, I see, I see
I said pray to me, pray to me
Pray to me, pray to me, but it was

All lies...

Lies are the hopes anf the chains
That have dragged me here to you
All the hopes and these chains
I will gladly share with you

It’s raining, it’s pouring
The old man is snoring
It’s raining it’s pouring
And i’m falling, I’m falling
And she said pray to me, pray to me
All the love you see, it comes from me
He say pray to me, pray to me
All the love i see belongs to me
He said I see, I see, I see, I see
He say pray to me, pray to me
Pray to me, pray to me, but it was

All lies..

Life in Hell

Foolish girl in swelling woman
Here’s a blunt knife for your bosom
Here’s the devil’s hand to shake
Watch whta the others try to take

Hell
Life in hell

By your loving disposition
You let him get into position
And train his rising gun upon
The cevrix of your inner sun

Hell
Life in hell

Can you not distinguish pain?
Red nail and red shame

Woman, world in one complete
Your heart’s awake, your mind’s asleep
You spread your inner sun to make
A den for some sly, bassing snake

Which burns stronger?
I can’t tell
Thw glowing sun?
Or fiery hell?

Hell
Life in hell

I am Wrong

I know What i know
I’m no hero
Say yes, say no
Don’ come,, come close
Wrong

Be strong, be strong
Don’t be all wrong
Don’t wait or hesitate
Take care, beware
Wrong

I am wrong

I fell great, let’s celebrate
It’s sunny day, let’s dance and play
Never fear, love is here
Never fear, love is..

Be straight, don’t lie
Don’t tell, tell why
I know what i know
I’m no hero
Wrong

I fell great, let’s celebrate
It’s sunny day, let’s dance and play
Never fear, love is here
Never fear, love is..

Step into my palour
Said the spider to the fly
And we could share a love
That would never die

I know what i know
I’m no hero
Don’t wait or hesitate
Be strong
Be wrong

I am wrong
